the modern Olympics is the world's
biggest sporting event and in three
years time rugby will make its return
after an 89 year absence one country
unlikely to be taking part in Rio is
Greece where the Olympics had its
origins but in Athens at the moment
there are some strange happenings rugby
is starting to attract a following and
although Greece lost to Luxembourg at
the weekend their victory the previous
week over Norway was widely acclaimed
one man playing his part in their
development is their coach Nicolaos
Petropolis after Nev Efrain will for our
poor man a poor one this is my second
term as national team coach and the
difference between the first and second
time is immense
there's no comparison between the two as
time has gone by the skill levels have
improved and the players have been
gaining more and more experience it's
still a bit limited but the numbers have
increased a lot avec le Befana es Conley
soo una demidova show even a the biggest
challenge we're facing is the Greek
mentality which is very different to a
rugby mentality in order it's like oil
and water
they don't mix happy there for days but
in the past we haven't had the playing
numbers and we haven't had the academies
but slowly and surely these issues are
being addressed in another preview model
in the games profile may still be
relatively low but times and attitudes
are changing as are the playing numbers
I've talked with Savannah Katella Bob
there are academies in some of the clubs
with players starting from the age of
six the problem is the game isn't played
in state schools only in the wealthier
public schools that accompanies it
better so most of the clubs though do
create the opportunities so that
children can come along and play
thickest now board an editor but a lot
of people don't know the sport they see
its physicality and they think a
six-year-old will be made to do the same
thing but a bully master but once they
get to know the sport things will
definitely improve all open a gala
dinner maybe nip this you gotta grab my
stuff ahead of you my path but we've
moved on from just the players here in
Greece teaching others about rugby
now we have four or five players who've
gone abroad definitely but I played in
the first of his noon Spain and when we
come back we bring a totally different
mentality a different attitude and
that's one of the biggest things we need
to fix today but he extinct and one way
to break down these barriers is regular
competition both international and
domestic equity this again you see
product I've already implemented for the
national team of first 15 and a second
15 for younger players and from
September we'll have a third and force
team as well for the whole of Greece so
that means we'll go from having just
five or six games in the championship to
having at least 27 so this will improve
things dramatically for Barra Nair top
other
Israel already in a dominant position at
the top of Division 2b of the European
nations Cup met Denmark in Netanya and
they maintained their 100 percent record
with an emphatic win they'll play the
winners of the playoff between Slovenia
and Luxembourg in a game that will act
as a qualifier for the 2015 World Cup
Israel kept it in the family in the
first half Jonathan radish kibbutz had
scored their opening try and soon after
brother Mordechai added a second at the
break Israel led 24 3 and they added 4
more tries in the second half to
complete a comfortable 40 6-3 victory
the result lifts them to a new high of
15th in the IRB world rankings